so a few years ago some lamborghini
engineers together with researchers at
mit came up with a car design that's
straight out of the far
future the terzo millennial which means
third millennium in italian
is a car that's capable of repairing
itself
so how does the new technology used in
the car actually work
the whole thing is covered in a large
number of special sensors
they examine the car's health detecting
any damage or deterioration
if the sensors find cracks the car will
repair them by filling them in with
special nanotubes
this prevents the problem from spreading
the ceo of lamborghini says the terzo
millennial will allow the company to
revolutionize the world of engineering
and he could be right the self-repairing
technology could rewrite the rules
not only for sports cars but for all
kinds of machines
imagine what it would be like if all
your gadgets and home appliances
could automatically recover from wear
and tear the same way your skin does
the engineers also have made another
breakthrough by designing the car to be
all electric
the terzo millennial uses super
capacitors instead of batteries because
they can be charged faster
and contain more energy they've been
designed to capture and release energy
all at the same time in order to improve
the performance of the lamborghini
and stop it being dependent on the
chemical reactions that take place in
ordinary batteries
the super capacitors are made from
carbon which means they can be
integrated
into the car's body panel since they're
way smaller and lighter than standard
batteries
the car also has no engine in the
conventional sense
instead each wheel has its own electric
engine
so that the amount of torque can be
controlled for each of them
individually this makes the terzo
millennial comparable to a modern
formula one car
it also means that the terzo is
effectively an all-wheel drive
as for the numbers they're no less
impressive than the lamborghini's
futuristic abilities
the car is the first product of a
three-year 120 million dollar
partnership
the terzo millennial's top speed is
nearly 220 miles per hour
which is the same speed as an arrow shot
from a bow
it has 838 horsepower which is
comparable to several herds of wild
horses in a prairie
but you won't hear the roar of the
engine even with that amount of power
the terzo millennial was recently shown
at the 33rd
annual international automobile festival
in paris
the most interesting designs for modern
cars are chosen here
but the lamborghini lost out to the
mazda concept vision coupe
which is another car with an incredible
design
if we look at this car we can see that
the mazda and the lamborghini
are two extremes of the same basic idea
the lamborghini looks a little like a
starship on wheels for bad guys
while the mazda is the embodiment of
futuristic grace
however the mazda coupe doesn't boast
the same technology as the terzo
millennia
another important feature of the terzo
is its automated function
for now this can be used only on a race
track which you might think is a big
disadvantage
but let's look at the details the terzo
has a computer system that allows the
car to drive itself around
absolutely any race track without
problems
once the lamborghini has completed a lap
around the track on its own
it's ready to become a teacher for the
driver its technology can instruct them
on how to perform a lap around the track
just as fast and skillfully as the
lamborghini itself can do it
but how exactly does it work well you
could say the terrazo millennial is
going to be the most expensive games
console in history
have you ever played one of those video
games where you compete on a race track
with a ghost of your previous lap
the terzo millennial uses augmented
reality technology to do the same thing
but never mind motorsports what if you
want to see the car parked in your
garage or backyard
ready for an ordinary drive well the
price tag is
also impressive according to some
estimates the tarzan millennial will
cost around 3 million dollars
that's about as much as a really good
house in beverly hills
or even your very own island in the
ocean so
why would someone buy it well maybe the
opportunity to become part of the
high-tech future
means it's worth it however mazda and
lamborghini are not the only super
futuristic cars out there
the pop-up made by ital design and
airbus
won the grand prize for futuristic city
cars at the 33rd
international automobile festival
wondering why airbus was involved
this makes sense when you realize it's
both a car and a plane
the pop-up is made of three different
modules a passenger capsule
the ground module and the air module it
was designed for mega city journeys of
the future
when our cities might become as big as
entire countries
however that doesn't mean the car itself
is going to be huge
to fit the size of a mega city to make
things convenient for everybody
airbus and natal design made it quite
compact
the idea is simple but ingenious you
walk outside and get into your sleek car
from the future
or more accurately into the passenger
capsule
this is attached to a ground module a
computer scans your face and checks some
other details to confirm your identity
it then drives you automatically to the
nearest changing station
when you arrive at the station the
ground module is replaced
by the air module and now you can fly to
your final destination
on the other side of the megacity the
modules go to the recharge station after
use
until someone else needs them that way
nobody needs to store them in their
garage or at home
this also means that fewer modules need
to be manufactured
which will be less harmful for the
environment
one more concept car we might one day
see is the renault symbios
just like the others it looks sleek and
futuristic but
here the main goal is physical comfort
in fact renault engineers say that the
car will become part of your house
the car's interior looks like a
well-designed living room
the special materials and shapes of the
furniture inside
have been designed to make you feel
completely at home in the vehicle
the seats can also be rotated 180
degrees
offering you a totally new driving
experience
this feature makes it easier and more
comfortable to communicate with other
passengers
wait what driving while chatting doesn't
seem very safe
but don't worry this car is self-driving
so just relax
and enjoy the trip the symbios is going
to be part of an
interconnected technological ecosystem
created entirely by renault
for example the vehicle will be charged
at home automatically
so you won't have to go to any dedicated
stations
your car will even be able to spare some
of its excess energy to power your house
if needed
the renault engineers imagine a perfect
system of home and car
that will satisfy its own energy needs
all by itself
oh i can't wait